
A description of your problem domain. Include any information you think your peers will need to understand the context of your data and tasks.
	
	I have been working with the "All Time Premier League Player Statistics" datatset (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/rishikeshkanabar/premier-league-player-statistics-updated-daily). This dataset is from 2020, and looks at a variety of statistics for the Premier League players at that time. In football, there are lots of coorelations between statistics. For example, a player on a better team is likely to have a higher number of goals/game. However for this project I decided to look at a couple of statistics that are more obscure to those who have not spent much time watching football.

Introduce your dataset! What information is available to you? Are there any limitations or issues?

	I have been working with the "All Time Premier League Player Statistics" datatset (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/rishikeshkanabar/premier-league-player-statistics-updated-daily). This dataset is from 2020, and looks at a variety of statistics for the Premier League players at that time. In football, there are lots of coorelations between statistics. For example, a player on a better team is likely to have a higher number of goals/game. While there are lots of different comparisons between statistics that could be run on this dataset, the first issue I ran into was finding two stats to compare that was actually compelling. Football, being the most popular sport in the world, has been thoroughly analyzed. As a major consumer of all things Premier League personally, many of the potential visualizations have known results and therefore are uninteresting.

Aside from the commonness of the dataset, the data is very easy to work with. It is well organized, of decent size, and contains many different features.

Describe your tasks/questions relating to the data, and prime the reader to start looking at your viz

Embed your visualizations, making sure there is sufficient labeling and description for the reader to understand them

Conclude with any interesting trends you found, things that were interesting, or even mention any non-results you had!