Week 2 Goals:

Week 1 Reflection:

My goals for week 1 were primarily to get some strong foundations in HTML, CSS, and Javascript. I am very happy with my HTML and CSS progress, and I think using a template for my first project was a great way to get experience creating a nice webpage, but also modifying existing elements. I was very proud of getting a working tab bar that connects multiple pages because that seems like a useful skill that I would use in the future when building more professional pages. I also feel comfortable exploring formatting with margins, padding, and floating objects. While I don't know the expected behavior well, I am comfortable troubleshooting through trial and error. This made me feel successful in the class.
	Considering that it's 8th block and I have work plans lined up for the summer, I'm trying to give myself a bit of slack with my work ethic. However, my effort level has been very mercurial as a result of burnout and social influence. I find myself working more heavily every other day, as opposed to a more consistent workload which I think would be more efficient. Because of my spurts of productivity, I lost some ideas between sessions of focus, and I think my work quality could've benefitted from more consistency.

Week 2 Goals:
	I think I did well with CSS and HTML last week, and want to focus on Javascript and D3 more this week. This may look like a less complex webpage, with more complex visualizations contained in them. The idea behind this is that in the future, I can combine the two skills that I've gained to become more well-rounded. I also would like to maintain a more consistent workflow. As mentioned above, I will produce better work as a result, and I think mentally it will help me feel more on top of things. While there are lots of allures with social life and other shenanigans this block, carving out more concrete time for my work so that I don't have to work longer at night or in the morning will help me out.
	I like to wake up a bit early to work, and I would like to spend that time working on more current visualizations as opposed to watching videos. If I watch the suggested videos the night before and then apply them the next day, I think the information will be fresher and more concrete going into class. For upcoming challenges, I predict they will be the same as last week: burnout, nice weather, and active friends. It is hard to convince myself to stay inside and work on a visualization when it's nice out.